applications: nrf_desktop: Add basic HID SCI support on dongle (#30315)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/hid_forward.rst

   By default, the module uses a dedicated HID subscriber (USB HID class instance) for every BLE bonded HID peripheral.
   For more details, see the `Interaction with the USB`_ section.

#. Optionally, enable :option:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_HID_FORWARD_HID_SCI_ENABLE` to use HID SCI (Shorter Connection Intervals) on the dongle.

>    The option selects HOGP SCI client support (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HOGP_SCI`) and configures default connection rate parameters used for new Bluetooth connections.

Reviewer: Consider mentioning that default connection rate parameters are set by :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_conn_params`.

Author: done

The |hid_forward| sends information only about the last received HID output report with given ID.
If changes of state related to the HID output report with the given ID are frequent, some intermediate states can be omitted by the |hid_forward|.

HID SCI
=======

With :option:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DONGLE_HID_SCI` enabled, the |hid_forward| uses the :ref:`hogp_readme` to handle HID SCI on connected peripherals.

> The module calls :c:func:`bt_hogp_sci_supported` to check if the peripheral supports HID SCI.

Reviewer: ```
After :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_discovery` successfully discovers a connected peripheral, ...
```

Author: done

> If it does, the module enriches the event with :c:member:`ble_discovery_complete_event.peer_sci_support` set to ``true`` for the remaining subscribers.

Reviewer: Consider also mentioning that `hid_forward` is the first subscriber of the event to ensure that other modules see the updated event.

Author: done

> |hid_forward| is also responsible for handling the HID SCI related events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|hid_forward| also interacts with the following HID SCI related events:
```
Handling of AEM events generally relates to subscribers/listeners (not modules that submit a given event)

* :c:struct:`hid_sci_mode_set_event` - when received, the module calls :c:func:`bt_hogp_sci_mode_req` to request the mode change from the peripheral.

> * :c:struct:`hid_sci_mode_changed_event` - submitted by the module when the peripheral notifies about an HID SCI mode change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :c:struct:`hid_sci_mode_set_event` - When received, the module calls :c:func:`bt_hogp_sci_mode_req` to request the mode change from the peripheral.
* :c:struct:`hid_sci_mode_changed_event` - Submitted by the module when the peripheral notifies about an HID SCI mode change.
```

Author: done

The |hid_forward| sends information only about the last received HID output report with given ID.
If changes of state related to the HID output report with the given ID are frequent, some intermediate states can be omitted by the |hid_forward|.

HID SCI
=======

With :option:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_DONGLE_HID_SCI` enabled, the |hid_forward| uses the :ref:`hogp_readme` to handle HID SCI on connected peripherals.

After :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_discovery` successfully discovers a connected peripheral, the module calls :c:func:`bt_hogp_sci_supported` to check if the peripheral supports HID SCI.
If it does, the module enriches the event with :c:member:`ble_discovery_complete_event.peer_sci_support` set to ``true`` for the remaining subscribers.

> |hid_forward| is the first subscriber of the ``ble_discovery_complete_event`` event, in order to ensure all other subscribers are notified about the SCI support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|hid_forward| is the first subscriber of the :c:struct:`ble_discovery_complete_event` event, in order to ensure all other subscribers are notified about the SCI support.
```
